Terms of Service ("Terms")
Last updated: October 10, 2015
Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully 
before using the advancedwebtesting.com website (the "Service") operated by 
Individual Entrepreneur Rybalko R.V. tax/org# 502480148682/312502433100033 
located at the Russian Federation ("us", "we", "our", the "Operator"). These 
Terms of Service are covered by the article 437/2 of the Civil Code of the 
Russian Federation.

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and 
compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and 
others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you 
disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.

Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is 
accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a 
breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account 
on our Service.

You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the 
Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your 
password is with our Service or a third-party service.

You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us 
immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use 
of your account.

Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not 
owned or controlled by the Operator.

The Operator has no control over, and assumes no 
responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third 
party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the 
Operator shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any 
damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of 
or 
reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any 
such 
web sites or services.

Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of 
Russian Federation, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be 
considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to 
be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms 
will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us 
regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might 
have between us regarding the Service.

Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms 
at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days 
notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change 
will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become 
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to 
the new terms, please stop using the Service.

No Warranties; Exclusion of Liability; Indemnification
OUR WEBSITE IS OPERATED BY the Operator ON AN "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, 
WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT 
PERMITTED BY LAW, the Operator SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND 
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT 
FOR OUR WEBSITE AND ANY CONTRACTS AND SERVICES YOU PURCHASE THROUGH IT. the 
Operator SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR 
OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT OF OUR WEBSITE, FOR CONTRACTS OR SERVICES SOLD THROUGH 
OUR WEBSITE, FOR YOUR ACTION OR INACTION IN CONNECTION WITH OUR WEBSITE OR FOR 
ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER OR DATA OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE YOU MAY INCUR IN 
CONNECTION WITH OUR WEBSITE. YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITE AND ANY CONTRACTS OR 
SERVICES ARE AT YOUR OWN RISK. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER the Operator OR THEIR 
AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF 
OUR WEBSITE, CONTRACTS AND SERVICES PURCHASED THROUGH OUR WEBSITE, THE DELAY OR 
INABILITY TO USE OUR WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH OUR 
WEBSITE, CONTRACTS OR RELATED SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT 
LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL the Operatorâ€™ LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGE CLAIM EXCEED THE 
AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO the Operator FOR THE TRANSACTION GIVING RISE TO SUCH 
DAMAGE CLAIM.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, the Operator DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT 
THE INFORMATION ON THE WEBITE IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, USEFUL, TIMELY 
OR CURRENT OR THAT OUR WEBSITE WILL OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR ERROR.

YOU AGREE THAT ALL TIMES, YOU WILL LOOK TO ATTORNEYS FROM WHOM YOU PURCHASE 
SERVICES FOR ANY CLAIMS OF ANY NATURE, INCLUDING LOSS, DAMAGE, OR WARRANTY, the 
Operator AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEES 
ABOUT ANY CONTRACTS AND SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH OUR WEBSITE.

The Operator MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT CONTENT PROVIDED ON OUR WEBSITE, 
CONTRACTS, OR RELATED SERVICES ARE APPLICABLE OR APPROPRIATE FOR USE IN ALL 
JURISDICTIONS.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at 
support@advancedwebtesting.com.